Hi I'm Daryn Lyle a blender foundation certified trainer in this course.
We will first bottle a base measure of our character then we will use blenders multi resolution modifier
to create high resolution sculpted detail on the character.
We will then use Blender's reached apology tools to create a low poly version.
We will use Blender's U.V. mapping tools to create an organized U.V. map that can be exported to external
paint programs like Photoshop or GIMP for texturing.
We will bake normal and ambient occlusion maps and then import these into unity and test them on our
character and we will look at Blender's texture painting tools and how to use them to create texture
maps as well.
Next you'll learn how to prep the character for rigging and generate the bass rig will create the control
objects of the rig and go over how they can be used during animation.
From there we will adjust the weight to the character using Blender's Virtex groups and parent the characters
warhammer and shield to the rig.
You'll then learn the basics of creating animations cycles for a game character will use Blender's graph
editor and dope sheet to animate the idol and run animations as well as create a jump pose.
Finally we will take it all into unity and write some code to get our character running and jumping
through the test level.
So join me as we create a game character with Blendr.